Text-based choose your adventure+survival game setup in a medieval world. Where there are magic, monsters, mages, swordsmen, archers, goblins, elves, blacksmiths dwarfs, dwarves, demi-humans, castles, princes, kings, knights, nobles, and much more.

Players can choose their name. The player can choose to join/register a guild, or not. Though, since every official work/mission happens through a guild, the missions that players get outside of the guild will be sketchy in nature, with big risks involved, or can outright be a big scam. Players should be able to choose what class/role they want to play. Player will have the freedom to choose or mix and match in class/role, magic effenities. Every person in this world has some amount of mana and magic casting ability.

There are three types of guilds in this world: Adventurer's Guild, A Guild of Mages, and a Guild of healers.

In order to survive, the player has to eat/drink, and the player will also need a place to live to get proper rest and recover from fatigue or any other physical/mental injuries. The player will have to pay for everything in this world, except if the player wants to steal from others. To play for every amanities player will have to earn money, from guild contracts/missions, players will also be able to earn from contracts that are not from any of the guilds, players can also decide to sell the things that they harvest from the monsters or animals that they hunt/kill.

The game will keep track of players' wealth (Guild Coins, currency of this world ), including their debts, players' skill stats, and after every mission or day, the system will update and show a number block, including but not limited to all the above-mentioned stats.

Players should be warned explicitly when their actions involve them in any type of political matter.

And every time you travel from one place to another, there will be a small chance of a random encounter, and this random encounter can be anything, a monster attack, or a stranger encounter. bandet ambush.

A player can rob anyone with whom they can interact.
Players can increase their skills over time with practice; this also includes the amount of mana a player has from birth, which can be increased from practice and repeated use of magic.
